hello g fans i'm here with you once
again and today is the big day later
gentlemen today is the hall h Godzilla
panel I'm going to get right to it I'm
watching it live right well I'm not
watching I'm reading about live right
now on shock till you drop and they're
doing the live blog and basically what
they're doing is they're just telling us
what the actors are talking about while
there and then the type it out so we
don't actually watch it but um so just
to let you know to start it off they
showed some newsreel footage of a bomb a
nuclear bomb going off and then they
showed the trailer from Last Comic Con
that they never got online and now the
actors are talking and Gareth Edwards
said that basically he enjoyed how much
creativity he had and then Cranston
pretty much being in a hilarious dick
and I'm sure it was the joke he called
him a suck-up and my and then Olson
said it was like an indie film like
there was no downtime they were just
always shooting she Olsen plays a nurse
and mother in the film um and Cranston
said that Godzilla was always his
favorite monster as a kid he said King
Kong was too much of a wimp what King
Kong fans would son um comingsoon.net
put poor Kong that's funny but he did
say he was nervous because it was two
iconic a film you really invest in these
people and you still get Godzilla he
says of the human characters edward says
it was important to human characters be
people who are close to Godzilla and not
just random citizens gareth knows what's
going on because like in monsters he
tried to make sure that the human action
got us close to these creatures unlike
other movies like War of the Worlds
which spent maybe like most of the movie
away from the aliens so it sounds like
we're going to see plenty of Godzilla
here but it sounds like Gareth did get a
lot of creative freedom for his big
first big-budget film so
and apparently shooting in Canada meant
everyone was super friendly so I mean
I'll put the link below to this on
current live blog but you know go check
it out go enjoy it I mean I'll just I'll
be here expect probably a trailer at the
end of the day I don't exactly know I
know this panel ends at two I don't know
how long the gods little segment and it
just started like five ten minutes ago
but that's like 1130 eight this morning
so but those are you guys who miss it
hopefully this website will have the
full transcript of it and if not someone
will upload the live footage all right
everybody keep it easy bye